Dérive

Website 1:
1. https://mymodernmet.com/
2. I followed a link from a pin on pinterest on my homepage
3. This website seems a few years dated because of the placements of the ADs. They cover a major portion of the page (top banner AD, side banner AD and a popup at the bottom) and it's the first thing you see when looking at the homepage or any article, making them seem like they weren't thought of in the design. It's also responsive to all screen sizes.
4. The navigation is a fixed dropdown submenu many modern websites seem to use. It's simple to find things because they organize it by category. 
5. Recent and featured stories have a hover effect, and the drop down menus change colour when hovered over a selection. They offer search features, forms to subscribe to their newsletters, as well as links to their social media.
6. The website feels very basic for being a website about art and design. It's a fimillar format though, and easy to understand how to use with just a few too many ADs.
7. I would probably change the sizes of the ADs or design the page differently so it doesn't seem so cluttered and overwhelming. 


Website 2:
1. https://gameoftheyear.withgoogle.com/
2. I followed a link from awwwards.com
3. The design seems current because it's interactive, responsive, and the design is minimal, only focusing on one page at a time and only the information you need. 
4.  There isn't much of a traditional navigation system because it's more like a game, but it's very clear on what to click on. You start off by clicking "Let's go" at the bottom of the page, and click on each choice that pops up.
5. The whole website is interactive and forces you to be due to the time limits and inablility to just scroll to the next question. You do the quiz, and at the end you can start over or share on social media.
6. I find this website interesting, but just the first time. 
7. I'd increase the text size for the questions, due to the bubbles with the answers on them falling and rolling you need to really focus on reading the text. 

Website 3:
1. https://www.scotiabankarena.com/
2. Google - i didn't realize the ACC had changed it's name
3. This website's design seems like a typical timeless website, with some colours matching scotiabank's red colour. it's responsive to all page sizes. 
4. The navigation system is a drop down menu that organizes the pages into categories (i.e under plan your visit there's food & beverage and directions & parking)
5. The website's interactivity is mostly based around searching and filtering different events.
6. I enjoy how organized the website is - it's easy to find any information you need without needing to use the search feature right away. 
7. I'd change the different types of shows they show on the homepage - at the bottom they have an upcoming events section, but also seem to showcase upcoming events, so the whole homepage has the same few events. 

Website 4:
1. https://www.ticketmaster.ca/
2. I followed a link from the Scotiabank Arena website
3. The design in my opinion is a timeless layout for ticket purchasing
4. The navigation for this website is a regulat navigation bar with one dropdown menu for "more" (with only two other options, able to fit onto the page) 
5. The interactive part on the homepage is the search feature and the events they show near your location. When purchasing tickets, they offer an interactive map for you to select your seats. 
6. The website is useful for what people actually use it for. Usually people you go on ticketmaster, they already have an event in mind they're set on, so having a search feature on the homepage works best. 
7. I would (if possible) remove the google ads from the website. Ticketmaster is a well known and profitable site, being the go to ticketsellers for most major sporting and music events they shouldn't have so many ADs. For me, seeing google ADs on a website makes it seem less professional and only smaller companies should use them. 

Website 5:
1. https://www.tastemade.com/
2. I followed a link from pinterest.
3. I think this website is very modern. They have large, full page content with high quality images and videos. As you scroll down the homepage you can see some graphics slide or fade in when you scroll by. 
4. The navigation is a familiar dropdown menu with 3 categories - watch, make and shop. While on the shop's page, they also have a seprate dropdown menu to browse the store. 
5. This website offers recipes, with filtering options when browsing them. You can create an account to save recipes, as well as videos, shows and shorts for people to watch, and even shop for items on their store. 
6. I find the website interesting - the homepage is flashy with a full page video showing you clips from their TV shows. The photography they use is professional and appealing.
7. I don't think i'd change anything about the design or function of the website, maybe add a few more advanced interactive filters for recipes (like being able to filter out certian foods or ingridents) 
